while howdy there internet people woods
bow again so tonight we're going to talk
about the right and left at least in
relation to how we use the terms
commonly in the US generally we use them
incorrectly but we're going to go with
the common usage here I've often said
that we do not have a viable left-wing
party in the United States and it tends
to confuse people because they pointed
the Democrats the Democrats are now
leftists they're liberals they're
center-right Europeans will back me up
on this now as an illustration I made a
Facebook post in a tweet today and I'll
read it to you I believe in the idea of
amnesty for those who have put down
roots and lived here even though some
time back they may have entered
illegally they brought with them the
courage and the values of family work
and freedom let us pledge to each other
that we can make America great again now
I haven't checked but I'm sure that if
it hasn't happened yet
somebody will show up to call me a
leftist over this statement amnesty for
illegals that is a radical left idea
today now to those who sent me messages
hang Bo that's not how you talk and
that's not how you write what is this
that I'm reading you guys were right
it's quote two quotes actually from the
same guy where the break is that's the
separation of the two quotes drama
Reagan
right-wing conservative darling those
are his words amnesty and yeah it is
very funny to me that President Trump
the man who wants to build a wall stole
his make America great again marketing
campaign from the guy who said mr.
Gorbachev tear down this wall that's
funny but the point remains this was the
Republicans can you imagine a Republican
saying this today can you imagine a
Democrat saying this today the u.s. left
now it's too radical it's too upsetting
the reason we have moved this far right
is because the right is a very very very
good at defending its own they don't
punch right ever they punch down but so
what happens is some crazy right winger
says something that is just completely
insane like let's build a wall and other
right-wingers are like you know that's
not so bad
and the idea gets mainstreamed so the
bulk of the right wing moves closer to
this crazy idea now those on the
American Left they're over there cut
nobody's gonna believe that nobody's
gonna want to do that that's stupid we
don't have a country of the idiots and
then the moderates well there are in
search of that ever-elusive middle
ground that compromise we're not going
to go to the wall what about a fence a
barrier and here we are that's how it
works
the left doesn't stick to its guns they
don't they they don't have that hard
line like the right does mainly because
the left doesn't have a theocratic
element to it the way the right wing
does they don't have a book that they
can point to and say the book we got to
live by this
and change whatever it is they want it
to say as it suits their needs the point
of all of this is don't be afraid to say
the radical idea is don't be afraid to
say the radical things and when you see
one that it may not be good today but it
may be good in a few years don't
discount it don't don't throw that
person under the bus don't get rid of
that idea too quickly because without
the radical left well we're all just
wrong waned we all move further and
further to the right now the way we use
those terms in the u.s. is incorrect
because there's more depth to it than
just left and right an authoritarian
right-wing regime is almost
indistinguishable from a Thor Amman
authoritarian left-wing regime except in
rhetoric the actions are pretty much the
same a far-right libertarian and by
libertarian I don't mean the Libertarian
Party in the u.s. I mean
anti-authoritarian and far-left
anti-authoritarian it's pretty much the
same except in rhetoric the ideas are
more
more congruent than I think a lot of
people would like to believe because
we've been programmed left and right
when it's not left versus right its
authority versus you anyway
defend the radical ideas when you hear
them you know on a long enough timeline
the world as a whole moves to the left
history has a well-known leftist bias
but we're delaying that process on our
own we're slowing it by not advocating
for a fair and just society anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night